Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ Adventure Time ♪
♪ Come on, grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to very
distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog
and Finn the human ♪
♪ the fun will never end ♪
♪ It's Adventure Time ♪
Hmm, mm.
Ahh.
Mm.
Ice King, this is the last time
you steal our sandwiches!
You don't understand.
If you were me, you would
do things I would do.
Yeah, and if you were us,
you'd kick your fat butt.
I...
Yeah, I would.
But I wouldn't get past
my invincible armor.
Hyah!
Ha ha!
Not a scratch, boys.
Not a scratch.
It's my time to shine.
Ah. Hmm.
Hmm.
Aah!
Who-o-o-o-o-a!
Whoo!
Hmm.
Aah!
Fools! Fools!
You're wasting your ti-ime.
Whoo! Whoo-oo! Whoo!
Whoo! Whoo!
Ooh. Oo-ooh
Pbht!
Uh...
Hmm-ah!
Aah! Whoo-whoo-whoo!
Aah-oww!
Hmm.
Ooh!
Whoo! Whoo-whoo!
Whoo-hoo!
Hoo-hoo-hoo.
Hmm.
Hmm-mm-mm.
Yeah.
Ah!
Ooh.
Hmm.
Moo-ohh!
Oww! Oww!
Oww! Aah!
Hmm.
♪ Do do do ♪
♪ Do-do, do-da ♪
♪ Do-do-do-deedle ♪
♪ Arf, arf ♪
♪ Do-do-doo ♪
♪ Do-doodle, deedle-doo-doo ♪
♪ Do-do, do-do-do ♪
♪ Blah-blah, hey-hey ♪
♪ La-la-la-la ♪
♪ Howdle-do-do-do ♪
♪ Hey ♪
Whoo!
Oww!
Aah!
Ge-e-ez.
Woof!
Nyah!
Muh-muh, oh, oh, oh.
Uh...
Aah!
Fools... fools!
Mm.
Hmm.
In-ice-able vince armor...
Help! Help!
Somebody help me!
Oh! Ho-ho! Oh, sweet mama!
Got you now!
Yeah!
Ohh! Ohh!
You can have the
sandwiches back!
I'm sorry! Help!
Uh, ooh. Ooh.
Aah!
Huh.
Muh-muh, hmm.
Mm, mm.
Muh, muh.
Bye-bye.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Nom, nom, nom.
Boy, those sandwiches
look really cool.
Mmm, mmm.
It looks like it'd be really awesome
to try a bite of one of those.
Mm-hmm.
Mmm, mmm-mmm.
Right on, right on.
Oh-huh!
You... the... real... good...
nice... home.
Jake, do you think that
puddle needs our help?
Nah, it's a snow golem, man.
I think he's laughing.
I thought snow golems and
fire wolves hated each other.
Oh, yeah. Big time.
But they learned to get along.
Yep.
You know, maybe we could
all learn a thing or two
from those sandwiches.
Thank you.
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ and the butterflies and bees ♪
♪ We can wander
through the forest ♪
♪ and do so as we please ♪
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ to a cliff under a tree ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org